everyone so today I'm going to show you
how to block all the advertisements on
the android phone and this also will
show you how to get any app for free so
like minecraft or any other app that you
you want to get that you would like to
get this will show you how to get it for
free so let's get to it first thing you
want to do is go to your browser and I
recommend you sign up before shared but
you don't have to go and search do
surgeon oh shoot search for black
answers from black market and if you
have the first one like market one on it
and I don't know which one let me show
you my profile and i'm going to show you
which one I download it so that you you
can oh it's this one black market alpha
black Mart alpha point 4993 APK so
download that and install it and it
should look something like
should look at something like this and
click in it and then come in here and
search for ad away because this app has
been removed from the market so just
click on it and click install I already
installed it it says uninstall but yeah
so install it once you install it you
have to be rooted and you just click
download files and apply ad blocking you
click it and it downloads files and then
you start your phone and your ads should
be blocked thanks for watching